Results from running a spelling and grammar check (#174)
openid/OpenID4VCI: openid-4-verifiable-credential-issuance-1_0.md

Token Responses are made as defined in [@!RFC6749].

> The AS might decide to authorize issuance of multiple instances for each Credential requested in the Authorization Request. Each Credential instance is described using the same entry in the `credential_configurations_supported` Credential Issuer metadata, but contains different claim values or different subset of claims within the Claims Set identified by the Credential description.

Reviewer: I'm not convinced "Claims Set" should be capitalised. It's certainly not a term that seems to be defined within this specification. (And you've not changed it, but I don't think 'Credential description' is correct here either, this is the only instance of 'Credential description' in the whole spec.)

Author: "JWT Claims Set" is a defined term from https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7519.html#section-2.  We use a lot of terms from other specs without redefining them here.  I mainly caught this because "claimset" is not a word or a defined term.

I'd be OK with this becoming any of "Claims Set", "JWT Claims Set", or "claims set", but it can't stay as-is.

Reviewer: Agree it shouldn't stay as it is. "JWT Claims Set" would be wrong I think as the credential may not be a JWT. "claims set" probably seems best to me.

I suggest replacing Credential description with `credential_configuration_id` too.

```suggestion
The AS might decide to authorize issuance of multiple instances for each Credential requested in the Authorization Request. Each Credential instance is described using the same entry in the `credential_configurations_supported` Credential Issuer metadata, but contains different claim values or different subset of claims within the claims set identified by the `credential_configuration_id`.
```

In addition to the response parameters defined in [@!RFC6749], the AS MAY return the following parameters:

* `c_nonce`: OPTIONAL. String containing a nonce to be used when creating a proof of possession of the key proof (see (#credential_request)). When received, the Wallet MUST use this nonce value for its subsequent requests until the Credential Issuer provides a fresh nonce.
* `c_nonce_expires_in`: OPTIONAL. Number denoting the lifetime in seconds of the `c_nonce`.
* `authorization_details`: REQUIRED when `authorization_details` parameter is used to request issuance of a certain Credential type as defined in (#authorization-details). MUST NOT be used otherwise. Array of objects as defined in Section 7 of [@!RFC9396]. In addition to the parameters defined in (#authorization-details), this specification defines the following parameter to be used with authorization details type `openid_credential` in the Token Response:

>   * `credential_identifiers`: OPTIONAL. Array of strings, each uniquely identifying a Credential that can be issued using the Access Token returned in this response. Each of these Credentials corresponds to the same entry in the `credential_configurations_supported` Credential Issuer metadata but can contain different claim values or a different subset of claims within the Claims Set identified by that Credential type. This parameter can be used to simplify the Credential Request, as defined in (#credential_request), where the `credential_identifier` parameter replaces the `format` parameter and any other Credential format-specific parameters in the Credential Request. When received, the Wallet MUST use these values together with an Access Token in subsequent Credential Requests.

Author: ```suggestion
  * `credential_identifiers`: OPTIONAL. Array of strings, each uniquely identifying a Credential that can be issued using the Access Token returned in this response. Each of these Credentials corresponds to the same entry in the `credential_configurations_supported` Credential Issuer metadata but can contain different claim values or a different subset of claims within the claims set identified by that Credential type. This parameter can be used to simplify the Credential Request, as defined in (#credential_request), where the `credential_identifier` parameter replaces the `format` parameter and any other Credential format-specific parameters in the Credential Request. When received, the Wallet MUST use these values together with an Access Token in subsequent Credential Requests.
```
